---
layout: default
title: Alchemist
id: alchemist
description:
main_color: blue-600
---

<div class="margin-center-90">
  {% include page-heading.md heading="Alchemist (Tank)" %}

  {% include card-with-image.md src="alchemist-portrait.png" heading="Overview" content="The Alchemist is a unique
  hybrid class in Dragon's Dogma Online, blending melee combat with arcane alchemy. This vocation utilizes a magical
  cauldron to unleash powerful transmutations, summon constructs, and manipulate the battlefield with both offensive and
  defensive capabilities." %}

  {% include card-section-start.md %}
    <h2 class="text-2xl font-semibold mb-4">Key Characteristics</h2>
    <ul class="list-disc list-inside space-y-2">
      <li>Combines melee strikes with alchemical spells and transformations.</li>
      <li>Utilizes a magical cauldron for crafting and summoning constructs.</li>
      <li>Excels in crowd control and environmental manipulation.</li>
      <li>Offers versatility through offensive, defensive, and support abilities.</li>
    </ul>
  {% include card-section-end.md %}

  {% include card-section-start.md %}
    <h2 class="text-2xl font-semibold mb-4">Core Combat Mechanics</h2>
    <ul class="list-disc list-inside space-y-2">
      <li><strong>Transmutation Strike:</strong> A melee attack that channels alchemical energy for explosive results.
      </li>
      <li><strong>Construct Creation:</strong> Summons golem-like entities to fight alongside the Alchemist.</li>
      <li><strong>Barrier Field:</strong> Creates a protective alchemical shield to block enemy attacks.</li>
      <li><strong>Elemental Infusion:</strong> Imbues attacks with elemental properties to exploit enemy weaknesses.</li>
    </ul>
  {% include card-section-end.md %}

  {% include card-section-start.md %}
    <h2 class="text-2xl font-semibold mb-4">Recommended Play Style</h2>
    <ul class="list-disc list-inside space-y-2">
      <li>Utilize constructs and barriers to control the flow of battle and protect allies.</li>
      <li>Adapt to encounters by leveraging the Alchemist's diverse toolkit of spells and transformations.</li>
      <li>Engage enemies at close to mid-range, combining melee strikes with alchemical abilities.</li>
      <li>Strategically manipulate the battlefield to gain an advantage in both offense and defense.</li>
    </ul>
  {% include card-section-end.md %}

  {% include page-heading.md heading="Custom Skills" %}
  <div class="overflow-x-auto">
    <table >
      <thead>
        <tr>
          <th>Skill Name</th>
          <th>Overview</th>
          <th>Level change</th>
          <th>Level 6 Change</th>
          <th>Details</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Pillar Weapon (Lv 1-15) アルマ・ピラー</td>
          <td>Punches the ground and produces a pillar of Alchemical Spikes around the character. Can also be thrown into the air, dealing more damage the higher it is thrown.</td>
          <td>The amount of alchemical stakes planted increases</td>
          <td>Increase the number of pillars raised (1->2)</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Wave Weapon (Lv 3-18) アルマ・ウェイブ</td>
          <td>Summons a wave of Alchemical Spikes from the ground in a direction and damages any enemy caught in it.</td>
          <td>The amount of alchemical stakes planted increases</td>
          <td>Increase the number of waves (3->5). Additional effect of juggling small enemies</td>
          <td>Can cancel into Escape or Golda at the start of the move.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Rex Elementa (Lv 6-20) レクス・エレメンタ</td>
          <td>Creates an Elemental Orb with Alchemy that will buff anyone nearby with the element it carries. Starts with Lightning, Ice, and Fire</td>
          <td>Elemental Orb duration increases</td>
          <td>Holy and Dark elements added</td>
          <td>Needs Shieldsage"s Supercharge to compensate for the short duration of its enchantments. Can trigger Counterra Aurum by pressing the set button after selecting an element as soon as you are hit.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Rex Catapult (Lv 6-20) レクス・カタパルタ</td>
          <td>Creates an alchemical springboard on the ground that will propel anyone who jumps on it upwards.</td>
          <td>The duration of the trampoline increases</td>
          <td>Allows the skill to be launched into the air and propels people forward</td>
          <td>The air springboard will change direction depending on where you want to jump. It"s the only ability that can"t trigger Counterra Aurum, so be careful.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Windust Weapon (Lv 13-27) アルマ・ウィンダス</td>
          <td>Create a ball of alchemical substances wrapped in wind. Wind pressure is generated by striking the ball after placement.</td>
          <td>The duration of the ball increases</td>
          <td>Increased wind pressure range</td>
          <td>The knockback from this skill is as strong as the bosses" roars, capable of interrupting channeling skills (such as Living Armor or Skull Lord) very easily.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Pile Binder (Lv 13-27) パイル・バインダ</td>
          <td>Advance and plant a specialized alchemical stake into an enemy, one at a time. The stake itself can be stacked by attacks from other allies, allowing you to indirectly increase aggro.</td>
          <td>Battery life increases</td>
          <td>Advance further, the amount of alchemical stakes planted on the first hit increases</td>
          <td>While allies cannot see your other Alchemy Stakes, they can at least see your Pilebinder. Additionally, the Pilebinder itself can be stacked by shaking it. The Rigid version can create a full stack with Challenger LV6</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Dolus Morsus (Lv 20-32) ドルス・モルサス</td>
          <td>Places a trap in front of you. The trap will be activated if there is an enemy around it.</td>
          <td>The number of trap activations increases</td>
          <td>Increase in the number of peaks (1->3)</td>
          <td>It has high hitting power, although it is not useful for increasing Break if the boss moves a lot. However, it is good for applying damage over time while the boss is down.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Golda Aurum (Lv 25-38) ゴルダ・アウルム</td>
          <td>Turn into gold. Enemies that attack you become Golden and you take no damage while in this state, although you will spend stamina when blocking enemy attacks.</td>
          <td>Builds Gold status faster</td>
          <td>Can be activated at any time except when grabbed</td>
          <td> It can also be activated in mid-air, allowing you to deal damage when falling into this state. You also deal damage when exiting Golda Aurum.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Burst (BO Lv 40-62) アルケム・バースト</td>
          <td>Create a giant metal arm and punch with it. If you plant it on an alchemical stake, it will detonate it. Like Elixir, the power and debuff rate of the ability depends on how much stake you have accumulated at that point. Can be used while climbing.</td>
          <td>Increase skill damage</td>
          <td>Adds more hits to the pillar explosion and amplifies the pillar explosion itself</td>
          <td>Allows you to maintain aggro by detonating just one stack of Alchemical Spikes. Starting from Season 2.2, this skill can resist the boss"s tremor (yellow signal) like Fighter"s Pierce Slash.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td> Dolus Aeris (BO Lv62-72) ドルス・エアリス</td>
          <td>Jump and place an aerial trap that activates whenever the enemy gets too close.</td>
          <td>The number of trap activations increases</td>
          <td> Can be done without going through auto-jump, allowing you to place it at higher altitudes than before</td>
          <td>Also has I-frames while you are in the air during the skill animation. Can be stacked with Dolus Morsus.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Secta Weapon (Lv 60-75) アルマ・セクタ</td>
          <td>Fire a volley of alchemical spikes towards the enemy at medium range.</td>
          <td>Increase skill damage</td>
          <td>Adds two more hits to the volley</td>
          <td>With the Challenger LV6 it can create a full stack in two shots, as long as you"re shooting at close range.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td> Alchemist Passive Skills</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Skill Name</td>
          <td>Overview</td>
          <td>AP Cost</td>
          <td>Level change</td>
          <td>Notes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td> Lively Romp (Lv. 3)Dragon Appraisal Jewelry (Alchemist)</td>
          <td>Recover stamina if enemy hits an alchemical sphere with Alchemist Fugue</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Vicious Vision - Lv. 9 Preview</td>
          <td>Get more aggression when attacking enemies</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Majestic Might - Lv. 9 Level</td>
          <td>Stamina regenerates faster on critical HP (red screen - 20% or less)</td>
          <td>6</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>8</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Instant Recovery Saved</td>
          <td>The time taken to catch your breath after stamina is depleted is reduced</td>
          <td>6</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td> Prolonged Lure (Lv.13)Dragon Appraisal Jewelry (Alchemist)</td>
          <td>Extend the duration of the alchemical ball deployed by Alchemical Escape</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Calming Vision - Lv. 13 乖視</td>
          <td>Reduces aggro gain when attacking enemies</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Useful for other vocations where you want less aggression.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Soul Stealer - Lv. 13 Level</td>
          <td>Recover stamina when killing an enemy</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td> Well-Practiced (Lv. 20) 速錬Dragon Appraisal Jewelry (Alchemist)</td>
          <td>Speeds up the detonating elixir animation</td>
          <td>7</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>At LV6, this also allows you to improvise the Elixir as a sort of vertical double jump. A must-have passive for every Alchemist.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Appearance (Lv. 20)</td>
          <td>Aggro decreases more slowly when far away from the enemy.</td>
          <td>6</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>This also allows you to temporarily retain aggro after using Elixir to detonate all the Alchemical Spikes.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemized Safeguard - Lv. 20 錬護</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>If equipped on Warriors, this allows you to completely negate damage, protecting against their attacks. This refers to Alchemized-type enemies, not enemies you have staked.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Flourishing Healing - Lv. 25 華療</td>
          <td>Aggro when using recovery actions increases</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Has a niche for building tanks with Priest</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Encouraged - Lv. 25 Level</td>
          <td>Skill stamina usage is reduced at critical HP</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemized Proficiency - Lv. 25 錬狙</td>
          <td>Deals more damage to Alchemized monsters</td>
          <td>9</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Includes enemies named Alchemised and Damned, as well as Goliath. Golgorran, however, is classified as Dragonkin.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td> Alchemical Invasion (Lv. 30) 侵錬Dragon Appraisal Jewelry (Alchemist)</td>
          <td>Builds up Elixir debuffs faster</td>
          <td>7</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Incompatible with Alchemical Blast, but can cause debuffs without it, though it takes longer.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Discreet Healing - Lv. 30 慎療</td>
          <td>Aggro when using recovery actions reduces</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Diminishing - Lv. 30 Level</td>
          <td>Aggro decreases faster when far from the enemy</td>
          <td>6</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Tender Touch - Lv. 33 View</td>
          <td>Aggro when grappling with enemies reduced</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Cordial Climb - Lv. 35 快登</td>
          <td>Stamina recovery rate when grappling with enemies has increased</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td> Heroic Spirit (Lv. 35) 英気Star Rating Jewelry</td>
          <td>Maximum resistance increases</td>
          <td>8</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>100 increased resistance per level</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td> Challenger (Lv. 40) 挑錬Dragon Appraisal Jewelry (Alchemist)</td>
          <td>Increases the rate of deployment of Alchemical Stakes on the enemy by attacking them</td>
          <td>8</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Applies to basic and custom skills, including Counterra Aurum</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Vigorous Vitality (Lv. 40) 盛精 Wind Appraisal Jewelry</td>
          <td>Stamina recovery rate increases</td>
          <td>7</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Dragonkin Safeguard - Lv. 40 竜護</td>
          <td>Reduce damage from Dragonkin monsters</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>If equipped on Warriors, this allows you to completely negate damage, protecting yourself against their attacks.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Relaxedness (Lv. 45) 快動 Flower Appraisal Jewelry</td>
          <td>Reduce stamina usage from custom abilities</td>
          <td>6</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Polished Poise - Lv. 45 快錬</td>
          <td>Recover Stamina by exploding fully stacked Alchemical Spikes.</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Synergizes well with Brave Effort and other passives that rely on resistance. Incompatible with Alchemical Blast.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Dragonkin Proficiency - Lv. 45 竜狙</td>
          <td>Deals more damage to Dragonkin enemies</td>
          <td>9</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Also works on Cursed Dragon</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  
    {% include page-heading.md heading="Passive Skills" %}
    <table >
      <thead>
        <tr>
          <th>Skill Name</th>
          <th>Overview</th>
          <th>AP Cost / BO Cost</th>
          <th>Level change</th>
          <th>Notes</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemy: Slayer Previous Post</td>
          <td>Increases Alchemy damage</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Damage increases, Lv5~6 hit strength increases</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Fuga: Slayer 錬避倒</td>
          <td>Increases the damage of Alchemical Escape</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Damage increases, Lv5~6 hit strength increases</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Enduring Vision</td>
          <td>Increases Physical and Magical defenses if targeting enemy(s)</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td> Further increases defenses</td>
          <td>Shield icon on enemy(s) becomes active if targeted by enemy(s) +25 Physical/Magical Defense at Lv. 6</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Elixir: Slayer</td>
          <td>Increase Elixir damage</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>Damage increases, Lv5~6 KO/Stun power increases</td>
          <td>Applies to all sizes of alchemical stakes, including small ones. The damage increase stacks with the new Elixir: Crusher from the third BO tree. Both increases, however, are incompatible with Alchemical Burst.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Radius: Slayer 錬衝倒</td>
          <td>Increases the damage of Alchemical Ray</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Further increases damage, Lv5~6 hit strength increased</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Robust view</td>
          <td>Increase resistance</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td>Further increase resistance</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemy: Crusher</td>
          <td>Increases Alchemy damage</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Further increase damage, Level 5~6 Chance Attack increased</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemic Evade: Crusher 錬避絶</td>
          <td>Increases the damage of Alchemical Escape</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Further increases damage, Lv5~6 Increases chance and exhaustion attack</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Elixir: Crusher</td>
          <td>Increase Elixir damage</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>Further increase damage, Level 5~6 Chance Attack increased</td>
          <td>See Elixir: Assassin</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Sky Annihilation</td>
          <td>Increase damage from airstrikes</td>
          <td>6</td>
          <td>Further increase damage</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Radius: Crusher 錬衝砕</td>
          <td>Increases the damage of Alchemical Ray</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Further increases damage, Lv5~6 hit strength increased</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Defense Alchemy</td>
          <td> Increases Physical Defense and Magical Defense for a set amount of time by detonating a maxed-out Alchemical Stake.</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Increases the duration of the effect</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  
    {% include page-heading.md heading="Blood Orb Tree Passive Skills" %}
    <table>
      <thead>
        <tr>
          <th>Skill Name</th>
          <th>Overview</th>
          <th>AP Cost / BO Cost</th>
          <th>Level change</th>
          <th>Notes</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemy: Slayer Previous Post</td>
          <td>Increases Alchemy damage</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Damage increases, Lv5~6 hit strength increases</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Fuga: Slayer 錬避倒</td>
          <td>Increases the damage of Alchemical Escape</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Damage increases, Lv5~6 hit strength increases</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Enduring Vision</td>
          <td>Increases Physical and Magical defenses if targeting enemy(s)</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td> Further increases defenses</td>
          <td>Shield icon on enemy(s) becomes active if targeted by enemy(s) +25 Physical/Magical Defense at Lv. 6</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Elixir: Slayer</td>
          <td>Increase Elixir damage</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>Damage increases, Lv5~6 KO/Stun power increases</td>
          <td>Applies to all sizes of alchemical stakes, including small ones. The damage increase stacks with the new Elixir: Crusher from the third BO tree. Both increases, however, are incompatible with Alchemical Burst.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Radius: Slayer 錬衝倒</td>
          <td>Increases the damage of Alchemical Ray</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Further increases damage, Lv5~6 hit strength increased</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Robust view</td>
          <td>Increase resistance</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td>Further increase resistance</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemy: Crusher</td>
          <td>Increases Alchemy damage</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Further increase damage, Level 5~6 Chance Attack increased</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemic Evade: Crusher 錬避絶</td>
          <td>Increases the damage of Alchemical Escape</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Further increases damage, Lv5~6 Increases chance and exhaustion attack</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Elixir: Crusher</td>
          <td>Increase Elixir damage</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>Further increase damage, Level 5~6 Chance Attack increased</td>
          <td>See Elixir: Assassin</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Sky Annihilation</td>
          <td>Increase damage from airstrikes</td>
          <td>6</td>
          <td>Further increase damage</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Radius: Crusher 錬衝砕</td>
          <td>Increases the damage of Alchemical Ray</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Further increases damage, Lv5~6 hit strength increased</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Defense Alchemy</td>
          <td> Increases Physical Defense and Magical Defense for a set amount of time by detonating a maxed-out Alchemical Stake.</td>
          <td></td>
          <td>Increases the duration of the effect</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  
    {% include page-heading.md heading="Core Skills" %}
    <table>
      <thead>
        <tr>
          <th>Skill Name</th>
          <th>Overview</th>
          <th>Notes and usage</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemy</td>
          <td>Produces alchemical stakes and attacks with them</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Radius (Lv.9) アルケム・ラディウス</td>
          <td>Adds a delayed combo to Alchemy. After the first attack, wait one second before continuing to trigger this combo.</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Cluster of flowers</td>
          <td> Concentrate the alchemical stakes at one point and then expand them until they break. Can be thrown into the air.</td>
          <td>Tap slowly and then speed up as the cluster expands. It is possible to set up a full stack of Alchemicals by betting on just one full Cluster without equipping the Challenger</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Cluster Magis (Lv.13) クラスター・マギス</td>
          <td>An updated version of the Cluster that allows you to further expand the Alchemical Stakes cluster.</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Conclude コンクラスター</td>
          <td>scaled version of the Cluster</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Elixir of Life</td>
          <td>Detonates all Alchemical Stakes planted on the enemy, dealing damage and applying debuffs to them based on the Elixir currently equipped. The power and debuff rate of the Elixir depends on how many Alchemical Stakes you have accumulated on the enemy.</td>
          <td>This will also release your hate level on the enemy, be careful when using this.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Elixir Change エリクシル・チェンジ</td>
          <td>Change the type of Elixir being used. Torpor Elixir is available by default and can be used infinitely as a damage dealer.</td>
          <td>Additional types of elixirs can be equipped in the two equipment slots below the Lantern slot. Consumable elixirs can be purchased from Temple vendors.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Fuga アルケム・フーガ</td>
          <td>Creates a ball of alchemical spikes that propels you backwards. If enemies hit the ball, it will explode and damage them.</td>
          <td>The backswing itself has I-frames, allowing you to dodge with this skill.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Demitto アルケム・デミト</td>
          <td>Aerial attack triggered without directional movement. Shoots alchemical stakes downwards in the air</td>
          <td>demitto = Latin for "send or lower"</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Alchemical Ante アルケム・アンテ</td>
          <td>Moving aerial attack. Project a circular saw with alchemical stakes into the air forward</td>
          <td>ante = Latin for "in front, forward"</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Rex Leap (Lv.16) レクス・リープ</td>
          <td>Generates a support point in the middle of the jump to propel yourself forward</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td> Counterra Aurum カウンテラ・アウルム</td>
          <td>Repel enemy attacks as soon as you are hit during the attack. Upon activation, several alchemical spikes are planted in surrounding enemies and you take no damage for a few seconds. Functions similarly to the Warrior"s mid-attack Brace.</td>
          <td>Can be triggered while climbing or in the air and can be triggered multiple times to extend the invulnerability state.</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </div>
</div>